testing/20181018_PCB-milling-test_on_Hattori/README.md, before:

On Bitraf build night, we (@margrav and I) did a small test trying to mill a PCB on Hattori.

[This](../Hrbl_for_shopbot/single-axis-test-CNC-ready.dxf) PCB was used for testing.
We used VCarve; imported the DXF, and made toolpaths there. The existing spoil board on the Hattori bed was well worn, we used that.

Parts:
* PCB "blank" bought in Bitmart
* double sided tape (for attaching PCB to spoil board)
* random drill bits / end mill and V bits found in the box near Hattori / Modela

Lessons learned:
- using an well worn spoil board is unwise; you should start with a freshly planed spoil board
- double sided tape might not be the best way to fix a PCB blank to the spoil board
- drilling holes with an 1 mm tool (we're not sure if it is a drill bit or an end mill) worked reasonably well
- milling tracks with an 1 mm (or 0.5 mm) tool is difficult, the tools breaks easily
- milling tracks with a V-bit is better;
- - the tool survives
- - the result has rough edges
- it is difficult to find the correct depth to mill at
- if the PCB blank is not completely flat; the result will be uneven (and the resulting PCB unusable)

Images and videos in the respective sub-directories.

Commit message:

document that videos are too large

testing/20181018_PCB-milling-test_on_Hattori/README.md, after:

On Bitraf build night, we (@margrav and I) did a small test trying to mill a PCB on Hattori.

[This](../Hrbl_for_shopbot/single-axis-test-CNC-ready.dxf) PCB was used for testing.
We used VCarve; imported the DXF, and made toolpaths there. The existing spoil board on the Hattori bed was well worn, we used that.

Parts:
* PCB "blank" bought in Bitmart
* double sided tape (for attaching PCB to spoil board)
* random drill bits / end mill and V bits found in the box near Hattori / Modela

Lessons learned:
- using an well worn spoil board is unwise; you should start with a freshly planed spoil board
- double sided tape might not be the best way to fix a PCB blank to the spoil board
- drilling holes with an 1 mm tool (we're not sure if it is a drill bit or an end mill) worked reasonably well
- milling tracks with an 1 mm (or 0.5 mm) tool is difficult, the tools breaks easily
- milling tracks with a V-bit is better;
- - the tool survives
- - the result has rough edges
- it is difficult to find the correct depth to mill at
- if the PCB blank is not completely flat; the result will be uneven (and the resulting PCB unusable)

Images and videos in the respective sub-directories. Edit: videos are too large for Github. Must be stored somewhere else
(or edited down to acceptable size).
